Name of the project: Smads, smart ads for smart cities

Team members:   Alberto Elias - 18 (me@alberto-elias.com)
		Braulio Valdivielso - 18 (brlvldvlsmrtnz@gmail.com)
		Alejandro Perezpaya - 17 (alejandro@perezpaya.net)
		Jorge Izquierdo - 16 (jorge@izqui.me)

Mobile phones: +447763503987, +447763503986 (Whatsapp (Just in case) +34628151894)

Project description: 
		With all the buzz around smart cities, people are starting to worry about having advertisement everywhere. We’re imagining cities with screens everywhere, and in which a business model based on ads is predominant.
		Smart cities have an enormous potential in advertisement, and it’s important that we make use of it. Ads have gotten much more intelligent over the past few years, but in the world of Internet of Things, we can take this to a whole new level. We propose a system in which the ads displayed to a user are chosen based on the information received from different kinds of sensors like a temperature, proximity or humidity sensor.
		Smads is a product that makes ads appear just in the right moment when they make the most sense. This will allow advertisers to reach the users better and present them the product in the conditions they will need it so they get better impact. 

Use case:
		Imagine a sun glasses company. Before Smads, we would place ads everywhere and the advert would be shown at every time. But when it is cloudy, nobody cares about sunglasses so ad is useless and maybe in a more sunny time, the ad isn’t shown. 
		Smads solves this by presenting the right ads at the right time based on weather conditions.

Economical impact:
		With Smads we think we can get to found a very successful startup because it is clear that advertivers are looking for ways to reach their customers and Smads could be a really good opportunity.

Fiware components:
		Right now Smads is built on top of the following components:
			
			-Fiware Cloud: we are using Fiware's cloud to deploy Smads servers. We are using repicable Ubuntu virtual machines which are built on top of OpenStack, so that it makes it really easy to build a complex application and data layer. We are using the awesome templating engine that Fiware provides for the servers. We have two server one with the main app and another one with the MongoDB database. 
			-IOT: thanks to the Raspberry Pi and the set of sensors we were provided, we were able to build really easily a net of sensors to measure weather conditions. 
			-Context broker and IDAs: Using this set of APIs it has been really easy to upload all the data the sensors in the Raspberry Pi were taking and then get it from our application in the server or with Wirecloud widgets. 
			-Wirecloud and Widgets: the idea of the dashboards with widgets inside is really cool and makes it centralised. We have built our own widgets to add the ads and manage them (set the conditions under they will be shown).
		Wishlist:
			
			-We wanted to use the Big Data APIs to improve our ad selection algorithm. We built a very first prototype but we need further development on that.

Demo: http://130.206.83.5/
Github repository: https://github.com/CampusHacks/Smads
Website: http://campushacks.github.io/Smads/
License: MIT (http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
